imagine waking up finding guns bolted to
your hands and being forced to fight
for your life meet miles wait a second
anyway
he's a bit of a nobody and like the rest
of us wanted to be here when he grew up
well actually these days i think most
kids want to grow up to be tick-tockers
terrifying also like the rest of us he
spends most of his time hopping between
the same three apps
what are your favorites i like discord
reddit and
youtube mouse has the prestigious job of
mobile game developer
that's right his life's purpose is to
help a company funnel money out of
parents pockets
though even when he's working he's
goofing off online his favorite pastime
is trolling he's that guy in the
comments riling people up
don't be that guy suddenly miles gets
shot in the face
his co-worker hadley has good intentions
he was just trying to warn miles at his
boss
xander was looming behind him due to
being startled he accidentally likes his
ex's selfie on instagram her name's nova
by the way
xander regretfully informs miles that
he's being let go
damn what a jerk later on and at his
apartment miles stumbles upon schism the
latest viral sensation to hit the web
what is schism you ask well it's
basically a live-action call of duty
death match
criminals and oddballs are recruited and
pitted against each other their battles
take place across the city and are
televised via drones and hijacked
cameras
miles joins one of the live streams and
starts tippy-tapping away at his
keyboard
his efforts do not go unanswered and
he's quickly inundated by loving and
supporting comments from the schism
community
it's not long before he gets the
attention of the admin as we'll soon
learn he's not the kind of guy you want
to provoke
he gets miles as ip and my boy is shook
he closes the laptop and tosses it away
but his panic is quickly dispelled after
receiving a text from his ex
nova she noticed he was snooping on her
insta but he takes advantage of the
moment and invites her to meet up at the
park
to his pleasant surprise she accepts we
cut to them at the park where nova a
comic book author draws a temporary
tattoo of one of her characters onto his
arm
then she moves in for a kiss miles is
rudely awakened from his dream
but the kind visitors quickly put him
back to sleep later miles fades in and
out of consciousness as the schism squad
operates on him
he awakens the next morning back in his
room perhaps that too was a dream
never mind they turned my minds into
edward gunhands
malls gets attacks officially welcoming
him into schism oh and he gets his first
opponent
nix meet nix she's cute kicks ass
and balls and likes to eat salt through
her nose
whatever teach his own i guess by the
way this was one of the coolest action
scenes i've seen in a while
she claims another victory continuing to
dominate the leaderboards
we learned from a news broadcast that
she was found criminally insane at the
age of 13
and recently escaped from a high
security prison prior to joining schism
nix is informed of her new opponent
miles excuse them promises that this is
her last one
if she succeeds they'll totally wipe her
criminal record nix proceeds to donna
disguise
hey that looks familiar
with their stealthy new look nick's
heads into a police station and remotely
installs a tracker on mauls's phone
meanwhile miles struggles too p it's
hard enough as it is to keep your stream
steady but when you have guns for hands
it ups the stakes a bit he's still got
that day with nova so he gets stressed
as best as he can
hashtag outfit of the day all right
let's go
attaboy oh jeez there's nix so cute but
so so terrifying
she blasts her way into the apartment
and makes note of his figurine
collection
nice fat case with his life on the line
miles makes one final request
shoot around the really rare stuff then
he manages to pull together a
distraction and jumps out the window
he then slides down the stairs and
sticks the landing all the meanwhile
over 300 000 people are already tuned in
miles flees and runs into some police
officers
explaining this is going to be tricky
things quickly escalate and he has no
choice but to run
the cops make chase and one of them
corners him before blasting him with a
taser
unfortunately for the cop this causes
miles to involuntarily shoot him he
apologizes profusely before dashing out
nix is still hot on his trail finally
we're at the park
miles quickly spots nova but she's
already on her way out no worries
he'll just hop right in he commands her
to drive off but as she doesn't know
what's up she's just like
take a chill pill my dude kinda hard to
do when nix was pulling up with the
bazooka but okay i'll try my best
he composes himself and the parent
drives off to the dismay of richter the
head of schism
nix turns the bazooka onto the drone
after driving off
mauls reveals the severity of his
situation to nova she responds about as
well as you'd expect
he runs off again before finding refuge
in a closeman we cut to richter and get
a little taste of what kind of man he is
when he harnesses his inner 50 shades of
grey against an employee
back to miles he slumps out the bin and
now has a not so fresh pair of jeans
after failing to put them on he briefly
contemplates meeting god
but a funny hobo implores him to
reconsider you see the angle's all wrong
if he shoots himself like that then he's
just going to blow his face off and be
even more sad
meanwhile nova seeks the aid of the
police one of them stanton
can't help but laugh as he watches the
schism broadcast kind of sus
anyway they promise to do their best but
after she walks out detective degraves
decides they ought to hack her phone
he's hell-bent on capturing nicks and
this just might be the way to do it
we then see him consult an evidence
board where we see pictures of a family
a car accident and knicks this too is us
back to miles we see that the hobo whose
name glenjamin has graciously helped him
with his pants problem and then
even offered him a hot dog though miles
is vegetarian in response
glenjamin passes on some words of wisdom
and it's one thing to say you can't face
violence but when it faces you
you better be ready i like that balls
channels his inner animal and goes to
town
after that delicious eight month old
meal he thanks glenjamin who then offers
him a little dessert
wanna smoke some crank no no i don't
afterwards he heads to his office and
greets hadley
realizing he's likely being tracked
while seeks his assistance
now if you could just slip your hands
down my pocket and retrieve my phone
that'd be great
yeah hadley isn't game for that stick
your fingers in there come on
oh now it's a party upon scanning the
phone hadley finds a gps tracker
installs an app that will allow miles to
toggle the tracker on and off
that should come in handy suddenly boss
man xander pulls up
he digs into his case and again
threatens to fire him miles storms off
but xander isn't lighting up
finally miles realizes he's a man and
takes control of the situation
sanders reduced to whimpering beta male
league of legends player
it's just a joke miles apologizes and
relief watches over xander's face before
xander's brains wash over his
she's back moss takes cover and asks
hadley to cover him
as he runs off the everloyal hadley
commits what can only be described
as a war crime mistakes were made this
buys miles enough time to hijack a car
but nix is hot on his trail
a high speed chase ensues while hadley
enjoys the show during a bathroom break
nyx catches up and somehow ends up on
top of his car this looks awfully
dangerous
i hope they don't crash somehow they
survived this and apparently
nyx is a terminator also someone busts
into hadley's stall and grabs him mid
poop i presume
the chase continues on foot and miles
heads into an abandoned building he pops
some pitiful shots off at nix
prompting her to give him some tips on
how to hold the gun he returns the favor
by shooting her
this time successfully some more running
takes place while the pair trade shots
he manages to flank her then fires out a
machine causing it to blow up
nix cowers in fear as she relieves a
traumatic event from her childhood
mal spares her life and again runs off
he tries to hitch a ride but waving
around his gun kind of just scares
people off
whatever their loss he whips out his
phone and calls nova
she picks up and he finally gets a
chance to explain to her that the guns
are bolted onto him
oh okay so you're not crazy suddenly
nova is attacked and it's none other
than
richter he tells him he's got five hours
to kill nick's or else
miles heads to a junkyard and turns his
gps tracker back on
he calls the cops and tells them that
nicks will be at his location within 10
minutes
while he waits he runs into a couple
gangs doing business understandably
they're a bit sketched out about his
guts and things quickly escalate as
things are about to get deadly for miles
nyx pulls up with a freaking minigun and
makes things deadly for
everybody miles gets away and even pulls
off his first kill
then a swat team pulls up on him he's
detained and the two cops from earlier
decide that a hospital visit can wait
they still need him to catch nicks after
all detective degraves reveals to miles
that 16 years ago he captured richter
though he quickly got out on bail and
tracked down his family while his wife
and son perished
he managed to save his daughter nix whoa
i didn't see that coming
meanwhile nobody tries to intimidate
richter by mentioning the cops but he
counters
who do you think owns the cops back in
the car stanton has driven the trio to a
remote location
the graves questions him but he's quick
to respond
miles is dragged out of the car but his
life is spared instead he's forced to
watch a video that richter recorded
reprimanding him for going to the cops
no he gives miles another chance he now
has just 30 minutes to kill nicks
or richter is going to tear nova apart
stanson leaves and miles takes note of
the detective's bulletproof vest
that did not help much he then heads to
a gaming cafe and has a girl help him
get into nova's account so he can find
her phone
wait i know you you're the guns of kimbo
guy turns out
moz has gone viral but he ain't about
that life he heads out in search of nova
and finds her
along with the schism squad oh
no oh just hadley okay miles hatch is a
final plan and flips his gps tracker
back on he waits nix and then offers a
truce you win
no all the viewers rejoice as miles
finally gets iced
though some are sad they've grown to
like her quirky protagonist
nova cries and rick just sends out a
cleanup squad while miles body is
recovered we notice his eyes just barely
twitch
he's alive he's transported to the
schism hideout and warmly greets his
captors
he then runs into knicks and turns out
this was the plan
we revined back to find out what went
down miles ended up heading back to
where her father died and revealed to
her that he knew what happened to her
family
that's right nix it was richter all
along he recruited her into schism after
she broke out of prison
because he was afraid of her he knew she
wanted revenge and it was only a matter
of time before she learned who was
behind the attack
miles also breaks the grim news her dad
is dead and it too
was due to richter after that she needed
no more convincing
nick's helped miles put on her father's
bulletproof vest and the rest is history
or yes the future
back to the present miles and knicks
take their gamer fuel and storm in
a 360 bullet storm commences as they lay
waste to all the henchmen
and yes the viewers are still tuned in
richter is in shambles so he sends off
his best henchmen
effie and dane meanwhile nick shoots
these guys in their happy spots
the pair then find one of the henchmen
on a computer wiping away files
he has something deadly in store for
them a spork
upon inspecting the computer we find
that schism has plans to go worldwide
miles then stares down one of the
cameras and speaks directly to the
millions watching
you guys are sick degenerate losers the
audience laughs at him
who the hell is this guy then we see
that even glenjamin is watching
more volumes oh glenjamin effie arrives
on the scene and nix compliments her
guns
then she starts blasting the pair gets
split up when miles is blasted in the
chest
and nyx has kicked down a flight of
stairs by name their battle quickly
turns gruesome and nicks loses her
favorite fingers
if you know what i mean dane proceeds to
beat her to a point with a stop
hammer time at the same time miles is
trapped by effie
though he manages to slip in a sneaky
headshot back to knicks
luck strikes when a baggy of her gamer
fuel falls out
she eats it with her nose and levels up
now dana's no match for her
nyx his chakras then busts his balls
fine i'll just blow the both of us up
damn of all the times to stop working
suddenly miles arrives to rescue nyx
fortunately they survive and continue
onwards meanwhile victor is making his
way to the rooftop with nova to escape
via helicopter
quick on her feet nova scribbles the
word roof onto the wall while richter
fires another one of his employees back
to our dynamic duo
miles and nyx have perhaps bit it off
more than they can chew with the odds
against them
nyx decides to make the ultimate
sacrifice kill richter for me will ya
she goes on a death defying guns blazing
run before blowing herself up he will be
missed gamer girl
miles finds nova's markings and makes it
to the roof millions watch with baited
breath as their now beloved protagonist
has beaten the odds
and finally faces the final boss
okay bit of a rough start but i've
always loved a comeback story
miles rises and plods forward needing
shot after shot from richter
i guess he turned god mode on nova comes
through with an assist and miles pistol
whips the snot out of richter
he throws him over the ledge but he
hangs on before delivering the final
blow
moles gives him a going away present
that spells the end for our centric
villain the audience celebrates and
miles bleeds out while a terrified nova
scurries away
as the film concludes we see that miles
has taken on nix's role of killer badass
now that schism is spreading he's got a
lot of work to do